Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind." - Mary Ellen Chase
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear.
Christmas is not just a day, it's a frame of mind.
Christmas is a day of joy and charity. May God make you very rich in both.
May your Christmas be filled with love, joy, and all the little things that make you happyChristmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.
Christmas is not as much about opening presents as opening our hearts.
Wishing you a holiday season full of fun, joy, and laughter.
Wishing you a Christmas filled with love, peace, and joy.
Christmas is the day that holds all time together.
Wishing you a joyous Christmas and a prosperous New Year.
Sending you love and good wishes for a joyous Christmas and a Happy New Year.
May the magic of Christmas fill your heart and home with joy.
Wishing you a magical and memorable Christmas season.
Christmas is a day of meaning and traditions, a special day spent in the warm circle of family and friends.
Christmas is a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart.
May the magic and wonder of the holiday season stay with you throughout the coming year.
Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
May your Christmas be filled with love, joy, and laughter.
May your Christmas be merry and your New Year bright.
Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind.
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you and your family!
Wishing you a Christmas filled with love, joy, and blessings.
May your heart be lifted with joy and your home be filled with love this Christmas.
Wishing you all the joys of the season and a happy New Year!
Christmas is most truly Christmas when we celebrate it by giving the light of love to those who need it most.
May your Christmas sparkle with moments of love, laughter, and goodwill.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love.
May the spirit of Christmas fill your home with warmth and love.
Christmas is a tonic for our souls. It moves us to think of others rather than of ourselves. It directs our thoughts to giving.
Wishing you a magical and blissful holiday!
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
Christmas is a time when you get homesick — even when you're home.
Wishing you a festive holiday season and a very Happy New Year.
Wishing you a joyous Christmas and a Happy New Year filled with peace and prosperity.
Peace on earth will come to stay when we live Christmas every day.
Christmas, my child, is love in action.
May your Christmas be filled with love, warmth, and good cheer.
Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart.
May your Christmas be filled with the true miracles and meaning of this beautiful time.
Wishing you a Christmas filled with love, laughter, and all the good things in life.
Wishing you a magical and memorable Christmas!
May the magic of Christmas bring you happiness, laughter, and love.
May the beauty of the Christmas season be with you throughout the year.
Christmas is a bridge. We need bridges as the river of time flows past.
May this festive season sparkle and shine, may all of your wishes and dreams come true.
May the holiday season bring happiness and joy to you and your loved ones.
Gifts of time and love are surely the basic ingredients of a truly merry Christmas.
May the spirit of Christmas fill your heart with love, peace, and joy.
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts.
Christmas is the season of joy, of holiday greetings exchanged, of gift-giving, and of families united.
Warmest wishes for a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year.
May your heart be lifted with joy this Christmas season.
Wishing you a festive holiday season and a Happy New Year!
Wishing you a Christmas that's merry and bright!
Christmas is a season not only of rejoicing but of reflection." - Winston Churchill
Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year filled with peace and joy.
May your Christmas be filled with love, laughter, and all the things that make you happy.
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind.
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.
Christmas is not in tinsel and lights and outward show. The secret lies in an inner glow. It's lighting a fire inside the heart.
The joy of brightening other lives becomes for us the magic of the holidays.
Wishing you a joyous Christmas filled with peace, love, and prosperity.
May the peace and joy of Christmas be with you today and throughout the New Year.
May your Christmas be decorated with cheer and filled with love.
Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
Wishing you a season of blessings and a lifetime of joy.
May the joy of Christmas fill your home with warmth and happiness.
Christmas is a season not only of rejoicing but of reflection.
Christmas is the day that holds all time together." - Alexander Smith
Christmas is a season of joy, of holiday greetings exchanged, of gift-giving, and of families united.
Christmas is a season of not only rejoicing but of reflection.
May your home be filled with the joy of the Christmas season.
Christmas is a bridge. We need bridges as the river of time flows past. Today's Christmas should mean creating happy hours for tomorrow and reliving those of yesterday.
Wishing you peace, love, and joy this Christmas and throughout the coming year.
Warmest wishes for a happy holiday season and a wonderful New Year.
Merry Christmas and best wishes for the New Year!
