Slow down, kangaroo mice about
Cruise control for America's pouch posse
Pouch pioneers, ease off the gas pedal
Slow down, pouches in the area
Hit the brakes, marsupials about!
Speed bump for USA's pouch perfection
Brake for possum pockets of joy
Pause for paws, America's pouch pioneers
Slow down, pouches on the move
Watch out! Marsupials on the loose
Brake for marsupial magic in the USA
Hit the brakes, marsupials on the move
Slow down, kangaroo mice crossing
Pouch parade ahead, tap the brakes!
Slow down, pouches crossing ahead
Slow down, pouches at play
Slow down, pouches crossing ahead!
Slow down, kangaroo mice about
Pouch patrol, slow and steady
Brake for marsupial mayhem!
I slow down for America's hopping wonders
Marsupials rule, brake for cool!
Hit the brakes, pouches at play!
Marsupial Crossing, Take it slow!
Brake for wildlife wonders in pouches
Tap the brakes for America's marsupials
Pouch parade ahead, gentle on the gas!
Ease off, pouch patrol in progress
Brake for marsupial magic!
Pouch pioneers, hit the brakes!
Pouch pioneers, ease off the gas
Ease off, kangaroo mice crossing
Drive safe, pouches on the loose!
Tap the brakes for pouch perfection
Hit the brakes, marsupials at play
Brake for marsupial mayhem ahead!
Ease off for America's pouch pals
Hit the brakes, marsupials on board!
Marsupial mayhem ahead, brake!
Cruise control for possum pockets
Brake for the joy of marsupials
Tap the brakes for pouches galore!
Pouch pioneers, brake with care
Pouch parade, slow and steady
Hit the brakes, pouches in motion
Watch out! Marsupials on the move
Tap the brakes for marsupial charm
Marsupial Xing, brake for joy
Cruise control for marsupial moments
Brake for wildlife, America's pouch patrol!
Marsupial Xing, ease off the gas
Marsupial Xing, slow it down!
Ease off for America's pouch parade
Brake for America's hopping wonders
Pouches roam free, slow it down!
Possum pockets, brake with care
Slow down, pouches at play!
Pouch parade, gentle on the gas pedal
Brake for possum pockets of charm
Pouch patrol, gentle on the gas pedal
Cruise control for pouch perfection
